I'm Atticus mittens let's go let's go
back out at youtube-dot-com
forward-slash sneaker addict i go by the
name of DJ Dells as you can see here
I've got a lot of packages man I keep
ordering and ordering and it just keeps
building and building up so um I'm gonna
open up the top package and then work my
way down I'm gonna review the top pack
and show you what's in the other
packages but I'm not gonna review them
all today cuz I don't want the video to
be mad long so this is the first package
shout out to in Flex We Trust
shout out to my blocks I've also this
new gotta calm let's see what these are
right here we got Sicilian pequeña want
in the building they're chilling out and
I got a pair of entourage it's LeBron on
to watch eight the veto I've never seen
these in person yet believe it or not
now these sneakers right here were
inspired by the TV show Entourage on the
cover of the DVD I'm pretty sure it is
blue and yellow that's where they got
the colorway from on this sneaker okay
it's a v2 so it's got that torch
technology with fly wire in blue on the
upper and then it's got hits of yellow
on the fly wire in black black and
yellow swoosh black and yellow bargain
yellow patent leather on the I stay with
a hitting yellow over here it's got a
black midsole with the blue air unit
yellow and blue outsole yellow insole
real nice snake you're a real nice
sneaker it's colorway kind of reminds me
of Wolverine also I'd like to color wear
a lot I think it's real hot I'm going to
show you what these look like on feet
and we'll be right back on surprise
LeBron ate in the face in the face
LeBron ate three guys think my daughter
likes them here you like a baby you're
my daughter loves them so you like these
baby so you like some leave a comment
make sure share my video Facebook
Twitter there's a share button somewhere
on the YouTube channel or on the blog
shout to all the blogs out there to
shout out to all the bars out there I
appreciate all your love and support
okay appreciate it look like make sure
to subscribe if you have a scrub running
play flash you my lawful coin Danny
loves him including flashing I'm good I
actually leave a comment I pepper
I just bug it out just have fun babe
just having fun trying to entertain oh
you're not going to turns all right so
you saw what they look like off feet
leave a comment let me know how you feel
about these sneakers let me know if the
hype is there
let me know if you think this was worth
all the hype that came along with the
sneaker I think it's a very nice sneaker
I like the V twos they grew on me I
still like to be one a lot better I'm
into a sneaker that Scott leather I mean
all this technology here the fly wire
this torch technology over here
it's nice don't get me wrong color waves
definitely loud definitely right up my
alley I love a loud sneaker don't forget
to check out the sneaker addict each and
every day morning noon and night like
clockwork and I'll be back really soon
matter of fact let's do us let me rip
through these boxes real quick see what
we've got here real quick and I'm gonna
do refuse another time on these sneakers
this I can't sit here all these videos
maybe like 20 minutes long see how quick
the rip movies we got here it's like
Christmas crazy so we got here ripped
through all these boxes okay Wow
those are crazy these are crazy say he's
got one more box it's what this is real
quick I got a lot of think that I don't
know what I'm going to be able to review
all these time I'll just show you and
real quick I'm going to do some reviews
on it though see last box
let's see China China's okay
okay so look what we got here we got out
of Kobe's I'm gonna be reviewing real
soon really really soon I'll be back
you